Beta release notes for 0.113 (#14001)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_posts/2020-07-01-release-113.markdown

---
layout: post
title: "0.112: Beta release notes"
description: "0.113: Beta release notes"
date: 2020-07-14 00:00:00
date_formatted: "July 22, 2020"
author: Franck Nijhof
author_twitter: frenck
comments: true
categories: Release-Notes
og_image: /images/blog/2020-07-0.113/social.png
---

<a href='/integrations/#version/0.113'><img src='/images/blog/2020-07-0.113/social.png' style='border: 0;box-shadow: none;'></a>

Beta release notes for 0.113.0

Subjects ideas/structure:

- Automations
  - Modes
  - Loops
  - Chooser
  - Bonus: Cooldown
- Speed!!
  - New optimizations
  - Python 3.8 (specially optimized build)
- New MQTT Features?

## Lorem ipsum

<p class='img'>
<img src='/images/blog/2020-07-0.112/datetime-picker.png' alt='Screenshot of lorem ipsum'></a>
Screenshot of lorem ipsum.
</p>

## MDI icons updated

It has taken some time for us to upgrade to the newest version of Material Design Icons, 5.3.45, there was a reason for that, version [5.0.45](https://dev.materialdesignicons.com/upgrade#4.9.95-to-5.0.45) contains a lot of breaking changes.

> We wanted to handle these well so it tooks some time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We wanted to handle these well so it took some time.
```

A lot of icons are renamed, and some were removed.

> In this release we included all new, and all removed icons. Also will the new and the old name work.

Reviewer: `Also will the new and the old name work.`
I don't understand what this section means

> If you use an icon that is renamed of removed we will show a warning in the log, in version 0.115 we will remove this conversion path and will removed icons and old names no longer work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use an icon that is renamed of removed we will show a warning in the log, in version 0.115 we will remove this conversion path and removed icons and old names no longer work.
```

Most of the removed icons can be found in [Simple icons](https://simpleicons.org/), which is available as a [custom integration](https://github.com/vigonotion/hass-simpleicons).

## RTL Fixes

[@yosilevy](https://github.com/yosilevy) is back! He has been the one fixing all the RTL issues we had in Home Assistant, but has been away for a while. This release is full of RTL tweaks again.

## Script and Scene editor updates

The UI to edit or create a script has been updated, you can now define your own ID for a script, so you no longer have to search your states for a long numeric entity id for every script.
We also added support for the new `mode` and you can give your scripts a custom icon from the UI.

The icon was also added to the scenes editor.

## Deprecated HTML imports

With the start of custom components, you would import a HTML file for your component instead of JavaScript. That's why we have always supported importing extra HTML in the frontend and custom panels.

> This has been deprecated and superseded by ES modules since some time and has (almost) no support anymore in browsers. We have a polyfill in place to still support this, but we are going to remove this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This has been deprecated and has (almost) no support anymore in browsers. They have been superseded by ES modules for awhile, but we have a polyfill in place to still support this, but we are going to remove this in the near future.
```
